well while the violence continues in
Gaza Israeli forces are carrying out
more raids in the occupied West Bank
since the war in Gaza began on October
the 7th they've stepped up their
operations across the territory Zan
basravi joins us live now from romalo
with more on this and Zane talk us
through these latest
raids well as the daylight has come and
the cover of Darkness has gone we're
hearing that the Israeli military has
pulled out that it is suspended the
raids for the evening and pulled out of
all of the cities and communities in the
occupied West Bank but it's been a very
very busy night uh multiple cities once
again across the occupied West Bank the
target of several heavy uh Israeli
military raids we've seen open clashes
that's something that has been different
in the last few days we've seen more
resistance by Palestinian residents more
armed Palestinian Fighters engaging in
Clash es with the Israeli military to
that end we've seen aftermath footage
that have that has emerged in the last
hour from toas where uh we've seen
destroyed roads burned out cars uh from
clashes with the Israeli military uh
we've heard that uh Palestinians used an
explosive device against the military
there in the occupied uh part of East
Jerusalem occupied East Jerusalem at the
shaat refugee camp one of the largest uh
military raids we've seen so far three
UND strong Israeli Force going into the
camp there to carry out a raid uh that
footprint likely because shaad Camp is
known to be home to uh several
Palestinian armed groups uh in the town
of anata not far from there in a raid
they arrested marua RFI an advisor to
the Palestinian Authority governor of
Jerusalem also in another raid there uh
another fata leader rafat Alan was
arrested during a live interview we also
saw
in ramala just uh a few minutes drive
from our offices here Israeli military
vehicles were spotted and at a raid in
Nabis a village in ramala they arrested
a very prominent Palestinian activist
Ahad Tamimi now she became famous in
2012 for confronting and standing up to
an Israeli soldier in defense of her
brother she was a child at the time
she's been arrested again and after her
arrest uh the military published images
of on Facebook uh along with taunting
words saying where is your smile now
ahid celebrating the arrest of this
prominent Palestinian activist and
that's something we've seen throughout
the process throughout this last month
the Israeli military going after leaders
going after activists in these nightly
raids Zan basravi in Rana thank
you